Tableau can aggregate dimension
blue pill descrete, green pill continuous. Continuous (green) pills will always form an axis!
When we drag a measure to the view, the aggregation applied by default is NOT always SUM (Whenever you add a measure to your view, an aggregation is applied to that measure by default. The type of aggregation applied varies depending on the context of the view)
We can disaggregate the data, to see all of the marks in the view at the most detailed level of granularity
A bar chart is best used to compare data across categories
Generally, the easiest way to convert a bar chart to a stacked bar chart is to drag a dimension to Color on the marks card
Views with dual axis that has customized marks are called Combo charts
Dual axes are useful for analyzing two measures with different scales
Tableau generates the Latitude and Longitude pills if there are geographic data like 'Country', 'City' etc
Measures names contains the names of all measures in your data, collected into a single field with discrete values
Measures values contains the names of all measures in your data, collected into a single field with continuous values
Filled Maps/Highlight tables only make use of color and not size. Symbol maps/Heat maps both Size (manadatory) and color.
Symbol/Filled Maps can apply color based on one measure, and apply Labels using another measure.
Imagine that you have 2 discrete dimensions on the rows shelf. Usually, which of the following WILL NOT create a cross tab? dragging a measure to the columns shelf
Which of the following is the 'Mark Type' for a cross-tab? Text
For a Highlight Table, we need at least 1 or more dimension and 1 measure
A histogram is a chart that displays the shape of a distribution. A histogram looks like a bar chart but groups values for a continuous measure into ranges, or bins.
What do we need in order to create a Histogram? 1 measure
We can use treemaps to display data in nested rectangles
Which of the following BEST describes the use case for a bullet chart? Comparing the performance of a primary measure to 1 or more other measures
Which of the following describes the minimum requirement to create a Bullet Chart? 0 or more dimensions and 2 measures
If the marks are dense, you may not see labels for all the marks unless you check the option Allow labels to overlap other marks. 
Which of the following are valid type of annotation in Tableau? mark,point,area
What would be the output of the following function: ISDATE("February 31, 2017") False (February can have a maximum of 29 days (in leap years). Hence February 31 is impossible!)
TODAY() Present Day, NOW() Present day and time
What will be the output of the following function: DATEDIFF('month',#January 1, 2021#,#December 31, 2021#) ans:11
What will be the output of the following function: FLOAT(7) ans:7.000
What will be the output of the following function: STR(8.5) ans:"8.5"
Ad-hoc calculations are also known as type-in or in-line calculations.
A common use-case for ad-hoc calculations? Testing a hunch, try a what-if scenario, debug a complex calculation
Only one ad-hoc calculation can be open at a time. True
Ad-hoc calculations are available when you create groups, sets, hierarchies, or parameters. False
The AVG() function returns the Average of all values in the expression and does not ignore NULL values.
Which of the following is a quick table calculation? Rank, Running Total, Percentile
If you use a percent difference Quick Table Calculation, what value will be the first data value? Null
You can only perform quick table calculations on measures in the view True
Is SUM a table calculation? No (SUM is an aggregate function, not a table calculation! A table calculation is a transformation you apply to the values in a visualization. Table calculations are a special type of calculated field that computes on the local data in Tableau. They are calculated based on what is currently in the visualization and do not consider any measures or dimensions that are filtered out of the visualization. The most common Table calculations are: Running Total, Percent Difference, Difference, Percent of Total, Rank, and Percentile.)
Measures can increase the granularity of the view. False (but dimensions can)
Fixed can be dimension/measure. Include/Exclude results measure
Calculating the Profit ratio using [Sales] / [Profit]is an example of a row-level expression. True
Using the formula SUM(Sales) / SUM(Profit) to calculate the profit ratio is an example of a view-level / column-level expression.True
FIXED LODs are executed after Dimension filters. (It is true for INCLUDE/EXCLUDE)
What would the following expression return? {MIN([Order Date])} This expression (also known as table-scoped) is essentially the same as writing : {FIXED : MIN([Order Date])} . This will return the oldest or least Order date, without caring about what the viz level-of-detail is!
Which of the following Grouping techniques results in a new consolidated mark in the view? Grouping by labels
When selected members are combined into a single group, a default name is created using the combined member names.(By default, the new group is named using the combined names of all members.)
Suppose we create a group called G1, and then select the 'Include Others' option. What will this do? When we select this option, all members except the ones in the groups we've created get clubbed in a new group called "Others".
Sets, Top N calculations and Fixed LODs are executed before Dimension Filters
You cannot select a continuous field that isn't currently in the view as the basis for your reference line. True. But you can trick this by adding another measure to Details/marks card
